Adds support to config cache size via the operator (#47)
Kuadrant/authorino-operator: README.md

| logMode | string | Defines the log mode in authorino (`development` or `production`), default to one if not specified `production` |
| imagePullPolicy | string | Defines the [imagePullPolicy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/) for when a deployment is created  |
| clusterWide | boolean | Defines the scope of an instance of Authorino, it can be either `namespaced` or `cluster-wide` for further information look at the [Authorino deployment guide](https://github.com/Kuadrant/authorino/blob/main/docs/deploy.md#5-deploy-authorino-instances). It will default to `cluster-wide` if not specified |

> | evaluatorCacheSize | int | Defines the authorino cache size in megabytes, defaults to 1 if not speficied  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| evaluatorCacheSize | int | Defines the authorino evaluator cache size in megabytes, defaults to 1 if not specified  |
```
